---
layout: article
title: WorldEnd2 Volume 4 – Chapter 3, Part 4 | Enjoying Trendy Desserts in a Trendy City
---


In a trendy city, even the pastries are stylishly prepared.

Sitting in front of Tiat was a snow-white yogurt cake, drizzled with yellow syrup and garnished with green mint leaves.

It was hard to describe; it was like a work of art. The moment she poked the spoon in, it felt like she’d destroyed something precious, and a strange sense of guilt welled up. She brought the trembling cake into her mouth, resting it on the tip of her tongue.

“…!?”

It tasted icy and sweet, with a hint of sweet and sour. This new taste made Tiat squirm uncontrollably.

She and Noft were enjoying a snack in a café overlooking the fountain.

Grick wasn’t there; he remained at headquarters, discussing some complicated matters with the First Division’s technical officer. While it seemed a little improper to let two fairies go out without their supervisor, no one had said anything so far… so it was just how it was for now.

“Ugh, seriously! This is so frustrating—I can’t stand it!”

Noft herself was clearly in a terrible mood as she dug into the pear tart with her fork. “Why is Naigrat considered a criminal? No matter how you think about it, it’s strange. Rather than going through the trouble of kidnapping, she’d probably just burn and eat him right then and there.”

<em>No, that’s hard to say…</em> Tiat thought, but kept it to herself. “I’m telling you, it’s just a misunderstanding. Mr. Grick seems to be handling the matter right now. They’ll surely understand soon.”

“No, no, no, you’re too naive… That person has a clingy, stubborn face. Once listed as a suspect, they’ll be suspected to the bitter end until they die. That’s <em>absolutely</em> what’s going to happen!”

Noft opened her mouth wide as she settled a piece of the pear tart in her mouth before chewing on it.

“…This is delicious,” she declared solemnly.

“Please give me a piece,” Tiat demanded without hesitation.

After negotiating, the two decided to trade a bite of yogurt cake for a bite of pear tart.

The menu beside her read “Manager’s Recommendation,” accompanied by a drawing of a donut set. It looked truly delicious. After all, this was a rare opportunity, and she was eager to try it. She debated for a long time, but ultimately chose the yogurt cake.

She always felt, truly always felt, that even if she ate the donuts, something would be slightly off. It’s not that she had any grievances against her tablemate, Noft. No, that wasn’t it… but that was just what it felt like.

<em>…Why am I making excuses, and who am I telling them to?</em>

“I hope the real culprit can be caught soon and the misunderstanding clears up. Also, if that huge… Doctor Ma… Margo or something is safe, that’d be great.”

“That’s right. It’s really frustrating that we can’t catch him ourselves.”

Noft chewed a bite and said, “This is delicious too! Give me another bite.”

“I can’t give you any more. The rest is all mine.” Tiat replied.

“Hey, what’s with the attitude? You won’t listen to me, your senior?”

“No matter who it’s against, there are always things that you just cannot give up.”

The plate was cleared out.

“You must be anxious too, right? After all, you flew all the way here.”

“Yeah, sort of.”

Noft poured milk into her teacup until it was almost filled to the brim.

“…I feel like I always end up thinking about what happened during that time.”

“What time?”

Noft slowly lifted the cup, brought the rim to her lips, and began to sip. “It’s about when Kutori was obsessed with that Second Enchanted Weapons Technician.” There was a note of nostalgia in her voice as she rested her elbows on the table, gazing out beyond the fountain plaza.

“I just can’t understand what it’s like to fall in love with a man. I never understood why she smiled at the end.”

“…Senior?”

“But it can’t be helped, right? Fairies are just like that. The so-called men and women… Those genders exist for the sole purpose of reproduction, don’t they? That has nothing to do with us, right?”

Even if Tiat tried to get her approval, she didn’t know what to say.

“Well, but what about Mr. Grick?”

“Huh?”

“Although we’re of different races, he’s been by your side as a partner for years. It’s a relationship of trust… so it should be pretty solid, right?”

“Oh, no, no. I don’t think it’s the kind of relationship you’re thinking of.” Noft shook her head. “Besides, the Borgles don’t have a culture of lovers or couples. A child born to someone in the clan is raised by everybody in the clan. At that moment, all elders are parents, and all younglings are children. That’s why their surnames are the names of their clan, not their parents, see?”

“Oh.”

Judging from the frank expression on Noft’s face as she spoke, it didn’t seem like she was hiding any shyness.

“If I asked you who your favorite man in the world is, what would you say?”

“Well, if that’s the question, it would definitely be that big brother of ours,” Noft replied immediately.

“Ah, just as I thought.”

<em>That kind of relationship doesn’t seem all that bad</em>, Tiat thought.

However, it was a different kind of relationship than the one Kutori-senior and Willem had, which was a relationship between adults in a different sense. Tiat thought it was cool, beautiful, and something she longed for.

“It’s just that, if you ask whether it’s the same kind of the fluttery, euphoric feeling that Kutori or you have right now—it does indeed seem a little different.”

“Isn’t that great? I think that’s pretty good, too.”

“Ahahahaha,” they both laughed heartily.

“Wait a minute.”

“Hmm?” Noft blinked.

“Why do you bring that up I mean please don’t compare me to my senior, no I mean being compared to my senior is an honor in itself but this is different. Feodor and I don’t have that kind of relationship we hate each other deeply whether as a person or as a mission he’s just my enemy!”

“Really?” Noft smiled mischievously.

Although she had fired back swiftly, Noft paid her no real attention.

“Please don’t give me that gentle, ‘Oh, how insincere!’ smile; it’s irritating.”

“Ah, Tiat, you’re so adorable.”

“No I told you it’s different!”

Just as Tiat was about to protest further…

“—Ah.”

She saw a large transportation vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine rumbling across the square.

On its platform sat at least ten imposingly armed soldiers. She also saw large gunpowder rifles—each as long as an arm—resting on their shoulders.

“That’s…”

“As you expected, it’s the task force to rescue Dr. Margomedari.”

Tiat turned and saw Grick Graycrack raise a hand.

“Yo!” he greeted. “It’d be ideal if this can be resolved peacefully. However, if the kidnappers were to resist, it wouldn’t be possible to suppress them without sufficient military force—hence those heavily armed soldiers.”

“This…” Tiat was speechless.

The kidnapper mentioned in this context, based on what was discussed earlier, must be Naigrat. She was certainly not someone that ordinary soldiers could subdue, but…

“Hey, I know what you want to say. But even with a bit of enhanced armament, they won’t stand a chance against that Naigrat, right?”

No, that’s not the case. But it’s not like Tiat can say that she didn’t think that way as well.

“Actually, we’ve also speculated about a possible battle with spies from the Noble Wings Empire. Seriously, the world is starting to get turbulent…”

<em>The Noble Wings Empire.</em>

Come to think of it, that black goat-head First Officer seemed to have mentioned it. It’s an aristocratic nation that links Floating Islands 6 through 9 together as its territory. Throughout the history of Regul Aire, this nation has repeatedly attacked neighboring islands—but it was suppressed by the Winged Guard each time.

“Oh? So, you mean, the Empire might be looking for an opportunity to seize that huge old man? Even if it means confronting the Winged Guard?”

“We can’t discount that possibility. I heard that ever since the uprising in Elpis five years ago, the Noble Wings Empire and Hydrangea Tea Country have been actively trying to keep each other in check.”

“Ah…” Noft sighed, and looked up at the sky.

“I can’t stand it. They’re all like this—they just love causing trouble for their neighbors, don’t they?”

“Well, you can’t quite put it that way.”

Tiat ignored their conversation and instead stared blankly at the transport vehicle as it departed. As she gazed, she searched her memories.

She had seen those gunpowder rifles carried by the soldiers.

In preparation for the battle against the Eleventh Beast, many weapons were transported to Floating Island 38. Some were potentially useful, while there were also weapons that were quite baffling. Mixed in with these weapons was a new type of gunpowder rifle—a portable firearm capable of inflicting the greatest devastation. It was this very weapon that the soldiers were carrying. If Tiat remembered correctly, its development name was the “Pupille Gorger.”

According to the manual, this gunpowder rifle had enhanced close-range penetration—even capable of piercing thin walls. Due to its high price, difficulty in management, and limited utility, the entire Winged Guard had very few of them. Yet, every soldier on the transport vehicle was armed with one of these weapons… <em>What kind of urban battle were they preparing for?</em>

This outfit, indeed, looked as if it was prepared for the sole purpose of killing the capture target, the Cyclops—

“—Tiat?”

“Ah, huh? What’s wrong?” She came to her senses.

“Grick said we could order another dessert as an apology for waiting for him. What do you want?”

“Ah… Okay!”

Tiat cast aside her fanciful thoughts and faced reality… which was “a soft, fluffy, creamy cake with seasonal colors.”

Yes, now was the time to enjoy this incredibly delicious cake and forget all those unpleasant thoughts.

Having made up her mind, she turned her gaze away from the departing transport vehicle and onto the menu.
