---
layout: article
title: WorldEnd2 Volume 3 – Chapter 3, Part 2 | Sleepless Night
---


That night, Tiat Siba Ignareo had trouble falling asleep.

<em>We left Lakhesh to Feodor.</em>

Even if they’d decided as a group, it was hard for her to be comfortable with how it’d turned out. <em>And what about Lakhesh? Is she hurt or hungry? She hasn’t gotten snatched up by any creeps, has she?</em> Tiat tossed and turned in her bed, countless worries flashing before her eyes.

“Can’t sleep?” Pannibal’s muffled voice floated from the next bunk bed over.

“Sorry. Was I being too loud?”

“Mm, no. I had things on my mind. Probably the same sort as what’s on yours, I think.”

<em>I see,</em> Tiat thought.

“Hey, Tiat. Do you think she’s safe?”

“I dunno. But I want to think so.”

“So do I.” Pannibal sighed. “Well, that Feodor’s out looking. He’ll definitely try his best to find her.”

“…Yeah.”

She could agree with that much. After all, this was Feodor they were discussing, who had an unsavory reputation (among Tiat and the other faeries) for needlessly helping out other people. She couldn’t imagine him slacking off, and he’d probably keep searching all by himself even if he was told to stop.

So what was worrying her about this situation with Lakhesh?

<em>When Feodor finds her, what kind of shape will she be in? And Feodor—what will he do then?</em>

Feodor would do whatever he thought would be best for Lakhesh. That was what she’d asked him to do. He’d confirmed as much to her.

“Hey, Pannibal?”

“Yes?”

“Will he…really bring Lakhesh back to us?”

After a small pause, Pannibal responded. “He’s top-class, so we can have faith in his abilities, of course…but that’s not what you mean, is it?”

“Well, um, even if he finds Lakhesh safe and sound, he could shelter her or let her go free. He’d probably try to act cool and say something like ‘You mustn’t return to the army, you ought to be free!’”

Again, Pannibal paused before answering. “He certainly could do something like that.”

“Right?”

A lump beneath the blankets of the bunk bed next to them squirmed and moved. “If that’s what happens, it’s fine.”

“Did we wake you up, Collon?”

“Couldn’t sleep. Bad dream.”

<em>I see</em>, Tiat thought again. Neither Pannibal nor herself could get to sleep, so it wasn’t strange for Collon to be the same way. After all, they’d always done everything together, since way back.

“Right now…L-Lakhesh doesn’t remember us at all, right? Then we should just go fight without her. That’s…that’s definitely for the best.” Though she tried to inject steel into her words, Collon couldn’t hide how her voice shook.

“Collon…”

“After all, if we do that, we can protect Lakhesh by fighting!”

Tiat was at a loss for words.<em> Pannibal isn’t saying anything, either… I bet she’s smiling that usual smile, the one that says “good grief” in a happy and amazed kinda way.</em>

She remembered the day when she’d tried to take on Croyance head-on. Afterwards, Collon had been furious with her.

<em>“We promised to live and die together! The four of us came to this island to fight shoulder-to-shoulder, because otherwise we’ll definitely die alone!”</em>

If they could assume Lakhesh was safe somewhere else, the situation had abruptly reversed. Now Lakhesh would be somewhere secure and far away from the battlefield, while only three of them had to head into certain death.

“…That’s true. That doesn’t seem so bad.” Tiat sniffled slightly.

<em>Remember. When was it… When did I ask Feodor if he wanted to be Lakhesh’s lover?</em>

The context now was very different from back then, but maybe it’d still be possible for those two to reach that sort of future. If Feodor and Lakhesh could support one another and live together on this island, which was protected by the three of them, then that seemed like it could work out.

“But it’s a little frustrating,” Pannibal chuckled. “I’d gotten a little closer to Feodor recently. If I have to go and entrust everything to someone else now, I’m going to feel rather envious of her.”

“Eeh? What? That’s the first I’ve heard that!”

“When you guys were off on your mission, I got a chance to cross hearts—and swords—with him. We got to know each other better. For privacy’s sake, I can’t discuss any of the details.”

“…Really.” Tiat was taken aback by how cold her voice sounded. “I-I mean, that’s fine, yep. I don’t care in the slightest who he gets along with, yep! Yep.”

The other faerie laughed. “I knew it, Tiat. You’re so adorable.”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about!”

“I’m serious. It really is lovely to see that girlish side of you, don’t you think?”

Tiat understood less and less. She was just about to fire back sharply when she was interrupted by a moan as some shapeless form rose up from another corner of the room. As if it had sprung from the night itself, a small silhouette crawled up from the temporarily set-up children’s cot. It approached the lower half of the bunk bed Tiat was sleeping in—where Lakhesh had been until a while ago.

Although there was no one there now, she still mumbled out, “Toolet.” She was probably still half-asleep.

Tiat allowed herself a small yawn, then crawled out from underneath her blankets to climb down from the top bunk. Landing soundlessly, she softly placed her hand on top of Ryehl’s head. “Toilet, huh? Well, let’s go then.”

“Hnn… Tet?” Ryehl rubbed her eyes blearily. “’Akesh?”

“…She’s not here anymore.”

“Hmkay?” Ryehl slightly nodded, her face showing she didn’t understand too well. She stuck out her right hand, apparently wanting Tiat to take it. Tiat obliged and, feeling the soft warmth in her hand, left the room together with her.

The hallway was bright, but it wasn’t from the lamps on the ground. As Tiat looked up at the sky outside the windows, she saw a huge silver moon floating in a nearly perfect circle.

<em>…She’s not here anymore.</em>

The words she’d just said herself reverberated in her ears. <em>That’s right. Lakhesh isn’t here anymore.</em>

No matter how hard the three of them fought, no matter how strongly she might wish for it, there wasn’t anything more that could be done for Lakhesh’s happiness now.

She knew that. Even though she <em>knew</em> that, even so…

“Tet? Crying?”

“I’m not crying.”

Tiat lightly wiped her eyes and walked down the hallway.
